Use virtualenv in Makefile for python dependencies (#1619)
zeldaret/oot: README.md

> This will generate a new ROM "baseroms/gc-eu-mq-dbg/baserom-decompressed.z64" that will have the overdump removed and the header patched.

Reviewer: I think we should mention the venv step. maybe
```suggestion
This downloads some dependencies (from pip), and compiles tools for the build process.
Then it generates a new ROM "baseroms/gc-eu-mq-dbg/baserom-decompressed.z64" that will have the overdump removed and the header patched.
```
